# HSFL


This is the page for HSFL (Historical Spectrum based Fault Localization).
You can replicate the experimental results reported int the submitted paper.


It contains the following file and folders:


## ./Survey.pdf
This file contains the complete results of our empirical survey conducted at
Microsoft. 
We did not report the results in the submitted paper due to page limit.


## ./HSFL
This folder contains the implementation of HSFL, and the scripts to run all the experiments.
Please go to this folder for further information.


## ./Chart
This folder contains the data for all the bugs in subject Chart.

#### ./Chart/Chart\_1
This subfolder contains the data for bug Chart 1


*[the followings are generated by the baseline tool mentioned in the paper]*

1. **./Chart/Chart\_1/SBFL**: it contains the results of conventional SBFL for different techniques. 


*[the followings are generated by the HSFL, which can be regenerated using the scripts provided in folder ./HSFL]*

1. **./Chart/Chart\_1/HSFL**: it contains the results (i.e., the rankings of the suspicious statements together with their suspicious values) of HSFL and the component Histrum for different techniques.

2. **./Chart/Chart\_1/a7cc1cf88cb014e937a55af53ea1f96407688a5e**: this is the inducing
change of this bug, and it contains the covered lines of the failing tests running on
the bug-inducing version.

3. **./Chart/Chart\_1/fileindexes**: this folder contains file indexes for each
suspicious buggy source file. Specifically, it stores all the versions starting
from the bug-inducing version to the target version for each suspicious buggy
source file.

4. **./Chart/Chart\_1/mapping**: this folder contains the historical spectrum for each suspicious buggy source file constructed starting from the bug-inducing version to the target version based on the historical versions in folder **fileindexes**.

*[the followings are generated by Defects4J]*

1. **./Chart/Chart\_1/Chart_1_info.txt**: this contains the information of the bug, which is generated by Defects4J.

*[the followings are generated using Git]*

1. **./Chart/Chart_1/classCommits.txt**: this file records the information of a set of commits that modify the source file for all the source files in the project.

2. **./Chart/Chart_1/logFilesChanged.txt**: this stores the information of version histories for the project.

3. **./Chart/Chart_1/logFullDescription.txt**: this stores the information of version histories for the project.

4. **./Chart/Chart_1/logOneline.txt**: this stores the information of version histories for the project.




## ./Closure:./Lang:./Math:./Time
The structures of these folders are the same as the structures of Chart as described above.
